User Story 1:
As a runner who likes outside activities, I want an app to generate a playlist that matches the weather conditions as I don’t need to select some everyday before running. Since the condition and feeling I experience really depend on the weather and the music playing in my airpods. I’d need music that matches the mood and vibes of the day. If the weather is nice, I want some relaxing music so that I can enjoy the view. If the weather is cloudy or somehow rainy, I need music that could cheer me up and change my mood. If it somehow rains a bit heavier, I might need some music to motivate me to keep on running instead of giving it up on the day. Of course, if this app can generate a playlist of exactly how many minutes I want, it will be perfect so that it matches my fitting schedule. Also I’d like this app to be able to select the genre or musicians that matches my random feeling of the day.


User story 2: 
I am a music lover and I want to have the perfect soundtrack for my day based on the weather forecast for my current location. When I open the app, I am automatically directed to a page that displays the weather forecast for the next week in my current location, along with a Spotify playlist that has been generated based on the weather conditions. If the weather changes, the playlist will be updated accordingly. If I want to listen to the playlist, I can simply click on it and the songs will play within the app. If there is an error retrieving the weather data or generating the playlist, I will be presented with an error message and prompted to try again. I want the application/ website to offer me different options when it comes to genre/ types of music. This is to allow me to grow my taste in music and introduce me to new songs and artists that I might enjoy in the future. But, I also want the music to not be from artists that are necessarily just starting out. I want to listen to people who already have somewhat of a following (even if its small) just so I know that I’m not getting someone's random music on the platform. 

User story 3: 
As a traveler, I want to be able to search for weather and playlist information for a specific city, so that I can plan my activities accordingly. When I navigate to the app, I can log directly into my spotify account and enter the name of a city I am interested in into the search bar and click "search". The app will retrieve the weather forecast for the next week in the selected city and generate a Spotify playlist based on the weather conditions. I will be presented with the weather forecast and playlist information for the selected city. If I want to listen to the playlist, I can simply click on it and the songs will play within the app. If there is an error retrieving the weather data or generating the playlist, I will be presented with an error message and prompted to try again. If I enter an invalid or non-existent city name, the app will present an error message and prompt me to try again with a valid city name. I want to be able to create multiple different playlists if needed/wanted in order to get a variety of songs. I would also like to be able to gauge how many songs are added to the playlist per day in order to be able to make the playlist longer or shorter in case I have longer days of travel. The songs should not only be based off of the physical temperature that is retrieved but also the forecast of if it will be completely sunny, stormy, snowing, etc. This is so that there will be a wider range of moods that the songs can fit with. Once I am done, I want to be able to save the playlist directly to my account and log out of the website. 

User Story 5
Nowadays because there are so many different people making different types of music it's often hard to find new songs that might be fitting the mood. There have been many times where a certain weather will cause me to want to listen to certain types of music during the day and I often find it difficult to find music that fits the vibe, especially new music. I would really like to have an app or a website that allows me to look up the weather that is occurring in my area and find new or previous music that I have listened to that will allow me to enjoy the weather with this type of music. Specifically I would really like to have integration with Spotify so that I am able to log into my account and look up the weather and then immediately have a playlist formed based off of the weather that I can immediately add to my playlist library in the app. My goal would be to enter the website and log into my Spotify account and then look up my location as well as the weather whether it be for one day 5 days or 7 Days even. Afterwards I would like a playlist to be developed based on the temperature or the forecast of the weather that will be happening for those amount of days. I would also like to have the option to have multiple songs suggested for me based on the days if I want more music. I would also like to be able to then add said playlist to my account immediately so that I can start listening to it right away. I would like for the songs that are suggested to be fitting mood-wise as well as things that are popular yet new so that I can find new artists and new music to listen to instead of listening to the same songs over and over again. I kind of associate this to being something similar to spotify's discover weekly however I want it to be almost like a discover daily where it's just based off of the energy that day is giving me. Every time I refresh the page I would like for different music to be suggested to me so that I can have multiple different types of songs and playlists that to be created based off of the same weather just in case I don't like the first playlist that was developed for me. Through this I'm hoping to find new music and new artists that I hope to listen to more often.
